Update language-features.md to include rec dicts (#2022)
yomidevs/yomitan: docs/development/language-features.md

That's it! Your language should now be selectable from the dropdown, and may work perfectly fine already. If you don't already have a dictionary to test with, check out [Dictionaries](../dictionaries.md). For more advanced features, read on.

## Reccomended Dictionaries

If you want to suggest to the user some dictionaries to download, you can make a pull request similar to:
https://github.com/yomidevs/yomitan/pull/1951/files

> Please make sure these dictionary suggestions are open source so Yomitan does not inadvertently promote piracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure these dictionary suggestions are properly licensed as Yomitan does not promote distribution of dictionaries without proper, open source licenses.
```
Maybe?

Reviewer 2: Note that the commonly understood meaning of "open source" is not directly interchangeable with "authorized for redistribution." Open source usually implies extra rights such as the guarantee that users can make their own changes to a work and redistribute the work with those changes. To be even more pedantic, "open source" usually refers to software rather than collections of text, images, and audio such as dictionaries, which do not contain executable programs.

I am not a lawyer, but here's my attempt at some verbiage.

> Please ensure that your suggested dictionary is authorized by its rights holders for free redistribution through Yomitan. For example, this authorization could be granted by a [Creative Commons license](https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/cclicenses/) or by written approval from the dictionary's copyright holder.

Author: To be honest I could just shorten it to:

> Please make sure you have permission to distribute these dictionaries legally.

Which covers pretty much all bases. It is up to the person suggesting dicts to make sure they are legally distributed, whether that be through written approval or some other methods.
